# Introduction:-

1. Git is a version control system that helps developers track changes to their code over time. 
   It allows developers to work collaboratively on the same codebase, 
   without worrying about overwriting each other's changes. 
   With Git, developers can create a copy of the codebase (a "repository") on their own computer, 
   make changes to the code, 
   and then share those changes with others by pushing them to a remote repository (e.g. on GitHub or GitLab). 
   Other developers can then pull those changes into their own copy of the codebase.


2. Git uses a branching model to enable developers to work on different features or bug fixes in parallel. 
   Developers can create a new branch to work on a specific task, 
   make changes to the code, and then merge the changes back into the main branch when they are ready.

3. Git also allows developers to easily revert to a previous version of the code if necessary, 
   and to collaborate on code with others who may be in different time zones or locations.

4. Overall, Git is an essential tool for any developer who wants to work on code collaboratively, 
track changes to their code, and maintain a history of their work.


Git - Documentation:- 
                link:- https://git-scm.com/doc    //Not sure 


Git GUI tools:- While Git can be used entirely through the command line, 
                some developers prefer to use a graphical user interface (GUI) tool. 
    Here are a few options:
GitHub Desktop: GitHub Desktop is a free Git GUI tool that provides an easy-to-use interface for managing Git repositories. 
                You can download GitHub Desktop at https://desktop.github.com/.

Installation process:- 
        Windows:- Download Git for Windows from the official Git website at https://git-scm.com/download/win.

        macOS:-   Git is already installed on macOS by default. 
        However, you can download the latest version of Git from the official Git website at https://git-scm.com/download/mac.

        Linux: The installation process for Git on Linux varies depending on the distribution you are using. 
        You can use your distribution's package manager to install Git. 
        For example, on Ubuntu or Debian, 
        you can install Git using the following command:- < sudo apt-get install git >

End:- Once you have installed Git on your system, 
you can start using it from the command line or by using a Git GUI tool.

Note:- The links and information in this documentation are accurate as of  version1.0, 
       but may be subject to change in the future. Please check the latest documentation 